Batch update TiKV docs (#261)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/develop/clients/cpp.md

        weight: 5
---

{{< warning >}}
Currently, the TiKV client for C++ is not released yet.
{{< /warning >}}

> The TiKV client in C++ is built on top of [TiKV client in Rust](https://github.com/tikv/client-rust) using [cxx](https://github.com/dtolnay/cxx).

Author: ```suggestion
The TiKV client for C++ is built on top of [TiKV client for Rust](https://github.com/tikv/client-rust) using [cxx](https://github.com/dtolnay/cxx).
```

> This C++ client is still in the stage of prove-of-concept and under heavy development. You can track the development progress at the [tikv/client-cpp](https://github.com/tikv/client-cpp/) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This C++ client is still in the stage of proof-of-concept and under development. You can track the development progress at the [tikv/client-cpp](https://github.com/tikv/client-cpp/) repository.
```
